Add required scope in Slack docs (#25195)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/slack.markdown

1. Create a [new app](https://api.slack.com/apps) under your Slack.com account.
2. Click the `OAuth & Permissions` link in the sidebar, under the Features heading.

> 3. In the Scopes section, add the `chat:write` and `dnd:read` scopes, `Send messages as user`. If you get a `missing_scope` error when trying to send a message, check these permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the Scopes section, add the `chat:write` and `dnd:read` scopes and select `Send messages as user`. Many errors can occur if these options are not set correctly.
```
